James: Morning.
Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, what happened. I didn't hear anything and you missed group, what happened.
James: I've been able to sleep, these past what four nights.
James: So Monday night or Sunday night Monday night, I didn't get didn't get sleep, but I was going to go to my class, but I kind of fell asleep, around three in the morning. And finally, I could, I couldn't get up. I just slept through my alarm and then yesterday, too. I was a little late for work.
James: Because I couldn't sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting. The, the, the very topic right of that particular group was on, you know, using the constructive worry
James: Group.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was on anxiety and how you know how to use that that paradoxical thing that I do, where I schedule I scheduled a worried time but I put a lot more structure to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you tell me what is let's let's deconstruct what's keeping you awake because we've talked about this before. Yes, really central
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me hear it. What kept you awake.
James: I don't know, just thoughts.
James: Yeah thoughts and worries and
James: Why like just a
James: Thinking about the past, when I was trying to go to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: A past and now we're talking girlfriend past that kind of stuff.
James: Yeah, and then just the past like how it how it used to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if
Gwenevere Abriel: You get it out of your head and you tell me how she used to be.
James: I used to be fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So it was reminiscing like, Oh, man. It's just that memory.
James: Yeah, I was just reminiscing about the old times. I mean, the home easiest to have or that me and my girlfriend. Am I will meet my ex girlfriend, nice to have a just shit like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that kept you awake.
James: Yeah.
James: And just like my mind running and it doesn't know how to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to teach it how to stop.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe what we'll do is we'll do, I'll do that activity that I didn't group. Maybe I'll do that with you today, if we have time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so I had given you
Gwenevere Abriel: I gave you an invitation to do something. Do you remember what it was last time we met.
James: Oh, the book find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: dig it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only find it. But there was something you were going to do once you found it.
James: Study it. Like was it, study it was a text. Do something about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't studying, I wasn't. No, it wasn't. It was take a picture.
James: Take a picture. I knew is supposed to be something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but so and you gave me permission to know you a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did. And how did that work out.
James: How I remember getting that text and
Gwenevere Abriel: And
James: All pretty all right when when he texted me. I was when he texted me. I was a little bit busy so like it kind of didn't click in my head. Also, what the hell is she talking about like I like stare at it for immediate like think, and I was like oh my book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then, and then I didn't hear from you.
James: Yeah. Oh, sorry. I got busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's check on on motivation again.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the ASCO book do you did you run across it in your dad's house.
James: Oh, no.
James: Have not came across in my pops house yet.
James: I've looked, but I don't know where I put it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you, you. Did you love recently like as in over the weekend.
James: Yeah, like when I like when you texted me
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. Okay, so you did look um
James: It. Yeah, I just didn't find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what, what ideas do you have about being able to get
Gwenevere Abriel: The books that you do have
James: Oh, what do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You have another one right
James: Yeah, yeah, I'm a mom's house. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not doing any good over there. Is it
James: No. Not at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you usually calm, cool, and collected when you're over your mom's
James: Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: not conducive for studying
James: Yeah, now
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I'm going to do, I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Step back from that for a while and see if you can find your own motivation for it because
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had had that book sitting around at your pops house and you were up right at 1am 2AM. Yeah, you might have taken that boring book out so boring and opened it up and looked at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And trying to answer, maybe the reading problem or reading comprehension for a but it would have gotten your mind off of reminiscing and so would have been doing two things for you. Because it, it could have bored you sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we would have had it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You know what I mean. So there's a lot of cool things that could have happened from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What I see on is that, again, this motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: needs to come from you like this, I want this, but it's like there's still a pushing away of it. It's more. I want to reminisce the fun times and not wanting to look to maybe the inconvenience of studying and to the unknown of the future, but rather you rather spend time reminiscing
James: Hey, what exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it then tell me, correct me.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of it.
James: Oh fuck. Fuck if I know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, did it work.
James: Daughter now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess what I wonder is, if you're if so if it's me if I'm pretending I'm you and I'm awake at three in the morning and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Crap, I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta make it to a 7am meeting if I don't make it to the 7am meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: My PO will hear about it. Then I got to hear her mouth. And I don't know if I'm going to get thrown into jail. I don't know if I have community service or I don't I don't actually know what their sanction stuff is. I don't know. I don't know what they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, to me there's a connection. But I don't know if, in the middle of the night. Those occur to you, do they occur deep. Do you think those through is it just thinking about the past.
James: No, I think about that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Didn't motivate you to read something boring.
James: Now,
James: Have you ever done that makes me want to go to sleep so that I could get my ass up to go do this shit.
James: No, I mean, yeah, when I was in jail. I read a book to go to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: What makes you think it won't work out here.
James: I don't know.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often are those thoughts swinging by telling you to have a drink, how often they popping up.
James: Not often.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day 10 times a day, every week, once a week, once every two weeks. Give me a general frequency
James: Once in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: No know what that means, that's different for everyone just kind of give me a frequency range here once a day, once a week, once a month.
James: Once a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess would be Monday night was part of the reminiscing a piece of that was that also drinking too. Was it a piece of it.
James: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, okay. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: Just fun and happy and those memories, but it didn't have anything to do you weren't
Gwenevere Abriel: Drinking for those memories.
James: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you didn't have to have a good time without drinking
James: Drinking but I was in sa soccer. I never said I was completely clean either
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got maybe having handy, a kind of book that at least could catch her interest enough to get you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you drowsy maybe fallen asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be handy to have around.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 group.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yeah it looks like I've already to some degree already not quite as specific as I did it with the group, but I've already put out there, this notion of of using the constructive worry or the worry hour
Gwenevere Abriel: But my guess is you didn't do it.
James: No, no, I guess my worry. Our. It was from 12 to four.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll give it one more try. Here, let's see if this, this makes a difference. And certainly, your choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll share this with you, cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, constructive worry
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a paradoxical intervention. So this some of this reason. First person I didn't write it. It's a combination of two or three things, but it kind of I like it in first word instructive worry
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to designate like 1530 minutes each day to worry about.
Gwenevere Abriel: To worry about concerns as a mean of means of controlling word. So one of my mottos in life is to feel the fear and do it anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the whole, it has served me pretty well, it pushes me through big life changes and it helps me calm my nerves with daily stresses. But even with the experience of confronting fear I still worry a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes that's a good thing worrying can drive me motivated me to work harder be better prepared and focus on what I can control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hmm. But when I ruminate which means think think think think think think think think think that's a fancy word for for overthinking
Gwenevere Abriel: But when I ruminate of things that I don't have control over.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: All it does is send me into a tailspin and makes it difficult for me to sleep soundly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier this year, I noticed that stress and anxiety compromised my sleep, to the point where it was impacting concentration at work. I followed all the standard sleep advice like avoiding screen time, you know, you don't watch any blue screens no phone
Gwenevere Abriel: No snacks no caffeine and eating healthy and exercising. I followed all that advice, but nothing seemed to be working. So I sought the opinion of an expert Gary zammit Founder and Executive Director of the sleep disorders Institute in New York. And he said,
Gwenevere Abriel: If the anxiety is producing worry. The best thing to do is try to put that worry into a day time situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into an awake situation Salman said that he asked patients how long they lay awake at night and yours is about, what, three hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not more. Yeah, so it would say, how long is it keeping you awake.
James: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you would instruct them to schedule a word for that long. I wouldn't do that to you. That's just cool. I wouldn't say worry sit there and freak out for three hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I seems a little, little too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where you can sit in a quiet chair and think about all the things that you worry about some patients would realize that it just ain't worth it. Stressing about it and others would just sleep better, because they've literally moved that activity into the day
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me just ask you in your in your truck to your car. Do you happen to have the paper and pen or know
Gwenevere Abriel: You already have something in there. You don't have to because this is just
James: A new look.
James: Let me look
James: I mean, so this is not mine. I'm on think my dad rights much it takes much notes.
James: While he's driving cuz I can't find a pen for shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just, I'll just go over it with you and maybe next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll just give some instruction and kind of remember how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is basically saying, as I've gone over with you, but a little bit more detail. So if you had had the piece of paper, it might look like this. On the left hand side, you might write the right the problem. So first,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is something that
Gwenevere Abriel: A problem that's most likely to keep you awake at night.
James: A money financial security having money being able to pay off the courts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so making money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that as we do this activity, just kind of hold that that the problem. That's the one that kind of keeps you awake. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. So then we're going to go on to have that in the back of your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what it says is constructive worry instructions when we have problems we tend to this is the part. So this is the new piece of information that most people hadn't thought of before.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we have problems we tend to use our problem solving skills to make our lives better and relieve ourselves of anxiety. It's not surprising, just that some of us may use our problem solving skills at the wrong time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning at that time. So the problem solving skills are awesome. It's just not at two in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so we may think about a problem trying to solve it. But unfortunately, the anxiety caused by the problem will keep us awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Constructive worry is a method for managing the tendency to worry during quiet time, which is when you sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: When really sleep is supposed to be with taking over. So what's happening is, Look, we all need to kind of worry we got. Okay, well this is getting motivated to problem solve, but the problem is is happening at two in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it's causing you anxiety and that's what he displayed. So what this activity does is, it gets it in the middle of the day, it gets it.
James: Whenever
Your alarm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to get into some specifics here. See all this down here is a little bit more to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just keep that that problem, you identified which is money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So write down a problem facing us, what is the greatest chance of keeping you awake. We already have that
Are
Gwenevere Abriel: Then think that, think of the next step that might help fix it. So you write down the word solution which you saw I had drawn a line of vertical line down the middle of the page. And on the right, I have solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on the left, I have my problem. And this is where you're giving this is really specific to how to convince that busy mind to shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the need
Gwenevere Abriel: Not be so this need not be the final solution to the problem, since most problems have to be solved by taking several steps, anyhow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll be doing this again tomorrow night, and the night after until you finally get the best solution. Okay, so see how I have a, b, c, d. There's different choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just one
Gwenevere Abriel: Solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go through all of these options, but the key is that for whatever problem you have on the left hand side you want to write something
Gwenevere Abriel: Over on the right. And the reason you want to write one of these things on the right is so that it's done. It's out of your head. It's on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll get into why that's important in a minute. So here's your option if you already know how to fix the problem, then you write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked my boss for overtime would be a specific solution. I'm just making that up quit my job. Get a better paying one
Gwenevere Abriel: Blah, blah, blah. But my point. If you already have the solution you write it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or be if you decide that this is a really big deal. He'll just go and just deal with it when it, when the time comes, then you write it down. And the key is to write it down. You would literally right just deal with it when the time comes, you would write that down on the right hand side.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd literally put that
James: Right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's, you could do that. Now see if you decide that you simply do not know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you need to ask someone to help you, then you write down
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, I need to ask someone to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to ask someone to help
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's what gets written now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's easier. Yeah. If you decide that you simply was another one. Oh, it's the same exact thing except I need to do some research or learn more about the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're going to write that down. Or he if you decide that it is a problem but there seems no good solution. It's just too. I can't think of a solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where radical acceptance comes in right you'll just have to live with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people
James: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Do you write that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost through this
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to repeat this for all of those things that are likely to keep you awake, you place the constructive worry on the nightstand next to your bed and forget about it until you reference it when you're worried alarm goes off during the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pick this list up and you look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if it's on your bedside and it's one in the morning. It's two in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is key. This is the piece and then and then we're through this okay if items of worry come up. Write them down, even if it's a two in the morning.
James: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get them out of your head and onto the page. Remind yourself that you will be working on them again tomorrow on schedule. And now morning or whenever you have the alarm set and that not list. This is the part that nothing you can do while you are so tired. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Can help you any more than you have already done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your effort will only make matters worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: So follow this logic. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your when is your hopes for it, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I can
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your
Gwenevere Abriel: IQ our as in, when are you feeling smartest brightest most intelligent what time of day.
James: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, do you want to know, do you want to that look into it. I mean,
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there you go. That could be your first solo homework well additive. The other one that you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So thinking about noticing where you feel sharpest. So, for example, some people will say, Hey, I'm really a morning person. I'm really bright and sharp and I'm the schedule all my high IQ. Like if I had an important meeting, I would schedule it at 10 in the morning, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or some people they really come online at six o'clock 6pm and they would say, you know, let's schedule later in the day when they their mind needs to be really sharp
Gwenevere Abriel: They know that about themselves, but I'm hearing from you. You do not know that might be something to know just notice it. Hey, I'm, I'm, I have energy and I feel sharp. Maybe it's three o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the whole point of this exercise is to certainly know yourself know when that peak IQ time is
Gwenevere Abriel: And realistically to say, maybe it's better than I do my problem solving. During that time versus two in the morning when
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to cause me anxiety. It's going to keep me awake and I'm going to probably come up with kind of crummy answers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's keeping me awake, but if I go look at my piece of paper. I already did the best I could, at my peak IQ. I already wrote it down. I already had it written down. I came up with these solutions at 3pm when I was really feeling smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that you see the difference.
James: And yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's find out. Tell me, tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the point of this exercise was for you.
James: For you all
James: To help me sleep at night and to help me figure out how to
James: The worry hour to get my worry. Our on time were on point.
James: I guess you could say.
James: Will be able to help me sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not dismissing it. It's not saying the worry isn't important. It is right. It's just putting it and this is the part that in fact from you because you don't know where your peak IQ our is
Gwenevere Abriel: So that would be the first step is to start to get to know yourself and kind of watch and say, Oh, dang. Yeah, man. I had my comebacks coming at people like this. I felt really I felt sharp at this time of day, then that might be the one where you kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: You learn that about yourself and maybe that's when you might schedule that constructive worry time
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wonder if he'll do it. We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, all right.
James: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in here. My know closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationships are pretty important. How are dynamics between you and your pops these days.
James: Pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: But worrying about money is your employer cutting back on hours.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about with things opening up a little bit in New Mexico. Does it seem like it's going to get better.
James: Hopefully, if not all, as I could hope for is the world is to hope for the world to hurry up and fucking go tits up because I'm tired of waiting around twiddling my thumbs of this Kobe bullshit. I want zombies already
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember if somebody is a contagious thing to
James: Think they are
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think a mask is going to help them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta wash
James: I gotta watch out point. I think we're all fucked.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we all have it I guess we won't know that it's a problem, we'll all be zombies. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we have viruses to worry about.
James: Exactly.
James: What we want to have an economy to worry about.
Gwenevere Abriel: It, but do we just eat each other like, what am I, what do I eat if I'm a zombie.
James: I mean whatever whatever people are alive and then we start going for cannibalism.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to hurry up and get there, huh.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what would you write on the, on the right hand side.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the problem is money instead of the Apocalypse, and the zombies and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's one thing you might write
James: Get another job.
James: Or two jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have some some buddies that might hook you up.
James: Yeah, I
James: Think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they know you're interested yet. Maybe that's a first step is to reach out to them and say, Hey, I'm looking to add some hours.
James: I know they're not interested. Yet I mean they don't know. I'm interested to get everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that seem like a reasonable first step.
James: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm going to do that. I just had a fun time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way me find the time you're not working that much. Where do you. Where are you
James: I'm in front of my work.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you have to fight.
James: For
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to find time you're working less. Tell me what you mean by that. I just don't know what I mean.
Oh,
James: I'm working less, but I'm working at my dad's house still for no pay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
James: Those because they cut my hours, doesn't mean I'm not busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think he'd be understanding if you said, Hey, I've got a friend actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Get another job you think you'd be understanding
James: Oh, he went he Yeah he wouldn't care like Putin K like alright cool whatever you go get yourself another job, then he's all already know until I got that means you'll be spending less time at at the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you maybe have some mixed feelings like a part of me likes being at the house doing those projects.
James: Like being at home and improving on my dad's house and doing whatever he needs help with and just little projects like that. But the only shit. Part of it is, I don't get paid for it because it's well my house.
James: Also allows so
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't be convenient if he was kind of pushing you a little bit more if he would kind of encourage you. Hey, spend a couple hours, blah, blah, blah. Tracking down another job with that a motivated you are pushed and helpful.
James: Maybe, but I could do it, do it on my own. Because, like, I'm the one that needs the money and it's always in the back of my thought on the back of my head is I need more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. How much more like what are we talking about here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about $1,000 more a month or like even just $100 a week more would make a difference.
James: It would be nice to get a fucking thousand dollars a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would help reduce the anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm James, what I don't, I can't quite tell is if the, the, I don't know, is really real like
Gwenevere Abriel: You worry about money, but you don't get a sense of how much would give relief or if it's like more about just kind of not wanting to talk. Which one do you think it's more likely
James: Or no, I mean,
James: Money wise enough money to give me the fuck out of here and keep me gone and set me up for life. So maybe a couple mil fucking disappear.
James: But I sure as hell ain't gonna happen. Cuz I ain't doing nothing worth a couple mil
Gwenevere Abriel: And she mentioned earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money that used to go to the courts and there were a couple other things I didn't hear them. My guess is you don't need millions for that.
James: No.
James: Just close to a couple grand
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple grand maybe over what time span next few months.
James: Shit Fuck no, I rather prefer like within a month. So then I could pay off the court and get them off my fucking ass.
James: And then I could pay off. Whoever boy. Yeah, just basically the court so they could get off my ass and I could go pay the MVD for my goddamn license and like go pick whoever the fuck oh fuck and pay for my interlock when they get into the walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you have now. I thought they gave you something the breathalyzer type of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't pay for that.
James: Oh, it's a sober link, it just keeps now. And plus, it's not in the vehicle. It just keeps me sober here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't charge you a fee for that thing.
James: No, not unless I break it, which I doubt. I'm gonna break it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I see
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple grand would cover outstanding money for MVD and the court fees somehow the pre trial release supervision fees kind of thing.
James: Yeah, something like that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that seems a whole lot easier to get than 2 million
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it have to be in a month or
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it was over a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: With with your POV okay with that.
James: I prefer to get it all done and over with within a month because and the sooner I pay them off the sooner, they'll, they'll tell me you get the folk out today and the similar tell me to fuck off. And the sooner. I'll be in the Navy and the sooner. I'll be able to leave this goddamn state.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, you definitely know emphatically what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just keeping you awake, is it, how to do it, or that you'll be able to do it.
James: I know I'll be able to do it.
James: Once I figure out how the fuck to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who can you call or text me. Let them know you're interested in picking up either a new job or some shifts somewhere.
James: I don't know, have to go around town. See
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have time to that next Wednesday, Thursday, right, do you have time today or tomorrow.
James: Oh, I'm pretty sure I'll time the day cuz now after after this meeting off to check in with my PO and then
James: And then I'll have time to
James: Look for a job application.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, do you have anything else you want to process share before we head out today.
James: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you next Tuesday.
James: I said, Okay.
Bye.